A. All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. Romans 3:23
B. Believe in the Lord Jesus and you will be saved. You and your household. Acts 16:31
C. Children, obey your parents in everything, For this pleases the Lord. Colossians 3:23
D. Do to others what you would have them do to you, For this sums up the law and the prophets. Matthew 7:12
E. Even a child is known by his actions, By whether his conduct is pure and right. Proverbs 20:11
F. Fear not, for I have redeemed you, I have summoned you by name, you are mine. Isaiah 43:1
G. Give thanks in all circumstances, For this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus. 1 Thessalonians 5:18
H. Honor your father and your mother, So that you may live long in the land the Lord your God is giving you. Exodus 20:12
I. I am the vine and you are the branches, If a man remain in Me, and I in him, He will bear much fruit. John 15:5
J. Jesus Christ is the same Yesterday and today, and forever. Hebrews 13:8
K. Keep your tongue from evil and your lips from speaking lies. Psalm 34:13
L. Look to me and be saved, all the ends of the earth, For I am God and there is no other. Isaiah 45:22
M. Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again. John 3:7
N. No man can serve two masters, Either he will hate the one and love the other, or 
   hold to the one despise the other. You can not serve both God and money. These are the words of Jesus. Matthew 6:24
O. O Lord God almighty, who is like You? You are mighty, O Lord, and your faithfulness surrounds You. Psalm 89:8
P. Put on the full armor of God, So you can take your stand against the devil’s schemes.
   Put on the helmet of salvation, The breastplate of righteousness Belt of truth and the shoes of peace,
   the shield of faith and the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God. Ephesians 6:11, 14-17
Q. Quench not the Spirit. 1 Thessalonians 5:19
R. Remember the Sabbath day by keeping it holy. Six days you shall labor and do all your work,
   But the seventh day is the Sabbath to the Lord your God. Exodus 20:8-10
S. Seek ye first the kingdom, the kingdom of God And its righteousness And all these things shall be
   added unto you. Matthew 6:33
T. Trust in the Lord with all your heart And lean not on your own understanding,
   In all your ways acknowledge Him And He will make straight your paths. Proverbs 3:5-6
U. Unto us a child is born, Unto us a son is given And the government shall be,
   Shall be upon His shoulder And his name shall be called Wonderful, Counselor, the mighty God,
   The everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace. Isaiah 9:6-7
V. Vengeance is mine, I will repay Saith the Lord, saith the Lord. Dearly beloved, avenge not
   yourselves, But overcome evil with good. Romans 12: 19, 21
W. Wait for the Lord, Be strong and take heart, And wait for the Lord. Psalm 27:14
X. EXcept ye be converted and become as little children, Ye shall not enter into the
   kingdom of heaven. Matthew 18:3
Y. You are the light of the world, Let your light shine before men, That they may see your good deeds
   And praise your Father in heaven. Matthew 5:14,16
Z. Zion hears and is glad And the daughters of Judah rejoice Because of thy judgments,
   O Lord our God Zion hears and is glad, For Thou O Lord art high above,
   above all the earth Thou art exalted far above all gods. Psalm 97:8,9